# UniHire - Faculty Selection Process Data maintenance
## Abstract
UniHire is a simple yet effective android application provided to users where applicants can apply for a teaching job or recruiters can post new job openings. Applicants will be able to search for teaching jobs specifically in one place. They can effectively search for Departments, Specialization etc. Unlike other portals where accountants, consultants, and Software Engineers use the same portal, we provide a separate platform for teaching jobs.
We will be developing an android application for universities and their departments to post job openings and job requirements. Teachers (Applicants) can use our app to view all the jobs posted by many universities. Applicants will be able to search for jobs based on many parameters like Location, University, Dept. etc. Applicants will be able to view the Job Description, Requirements etc. and they will be able to apply for a particular job by providing the necessary details. Applicants can keep track of all their job applications. They will be able to save a job posting if they want to apply for it in the future. Recruiters will be able to post a job by providing necessary details like - Job Description, Preferred Qualification etc. Recruiters will be asked which parameter is important for a particular job. For example, If the university is looking for an assistant professor who just finished their masters, the most important parameter will be the performance in his/her masters degree. If the university is looking for an associate professor with 10+ years of experience then the masters or bachelors performance won't matter whereas the number of publications will matter. So the most important parameters will be acquired from the applicants and shortlisting of candidates will be done by our software using the given parameters. Recruiters will be able to close a job posting whenever needed and will also be able to keep track of all their previously closed job postings. They will also be able to look at the application of people who are applying for an open job in real-time. The Recruiter will also be able to select the top X number of people who have applied to a job using our filtering algorithm. This final list can be downloaded as a .csv or .xlsx with necessary details like email, phone number etc. Reports - Job Filtering Report and statistics, Market Research Report, progress Status Report , Automation Testing Report, Overall job posting reports, etc. We will be using Bootstrap 5,HTML/CSS, Node JS, Express JS and Firebase for the backend to build the web portal. We will be using Selenium for automation testing.
